blank
blank
blank
I have two wings and two legs, What am I?
My body is covered in feathers.
We are great communicators.
We can jump up to 6 times our height. What am I?
There are over 500 million pet ____.
1 year of our life is equal to 15 years of human lives.
We can fly but not too far. What am I?
We are omnivores.
We are a big part of human diet.
All of our species are female. What are we?
We produce milk for humans.
We are vegetarian.
We have been with humans since prehistoric times.
People around the world keep us as pets, guards, or work animals.
We are carnivores.
We are known as waterbirds.
People keep us for their meat, eggs, and feathers. 
We make QUACK sound.
We are largest living animals on land.
We have large ears and trunk.
We mostly live in Africa and Asia.
We are type of animal which lives in water.
We breathe through gills.
Our sizes vary from smallest on planet to largest living being on planet.
We are small animals that can jump very well.
We are amphibians, meaning that they can live in water or on land.
We are found throughout the world except in very cold places.
It is the tallest living animal.
We live on the plains of eastern Africa.
The coat of ours is light brown with reddish brown spots.
It is used for cutting thin materials such as paper.
It consists of a pair of metal blades pivoted.
Left handed persons can not use it.
An object used in classes to write on.
It is smooth to touch.
It is usually in black or green colour.
It is learning space in which both children and adults learn.
It is room where classes are thaught.
The room consists of benches and chairs.
It is electronic machine used to complete tasks.
It is a device which is programmed.
It has the ability to store, retrieve, and process data.
It is a test to prove the knowledge.
It is a form of learning activity.
They develop confidence for students.
It is a thin instument used for writing.
It has a graphite tip.
It gets smaller the more you use it.
This object can erase mistakes.
It can erase stuff written on paper.
It is soft to touch.
A person who educates students.
They teach lessons.
They work in schools and colleges.
It is a medium for recording information in the form of writing.
It is typically composed of many pages bound together and protected by a cover.
The technical term for this physical arrangement is codex.
It is a thin sheet material used for storing data.
Data is stored by writing on it.
It is made from bamboo trees.
More than 800 languages are spoken in this city.
1 in every 38 people in the United States call the city home.
Statue of Liberty is located in this city.
It is known as Asia's largest spice market.
It contains only Bahai temple in Asia.
Red fort is located in this city.
It is most populated city in the world.
Its original name is Edo.
1964 Olympics were held here.
Big Ben is located in this city.
It is capital of England.
It has more indian restaurants than Mumbai.
This city is located in two continents.
It is home to the most mosque in Turkey.
It has been the capital of three great empires.
It is home to words tallest building.
It has worlds largest mall.
25% of All Cranes in the World Were Once Located in this city.
It was formerly a fishing village called by the name of Madraspatnam.
The first city in India to have a vast network of Wi-Fi.
The oldest cricket stadium in India is located in this city.
It has the worlds bluest sky.
Its carnival party is the biggest carnival in the world.
It is home to the biggest urban forest in the world.
It is known as City of Lights.
It has the worlds biggest museum.
It is home to Eiffel Tower.
It is home to Biggest Monolithic Buddha Statue.
City is famous for its biriyani.
It has the largest film studio in the world.